---
layout: post
title: "?"
author: "?"
categories: BDS
---

As part of our commitment to representing all voices in this zine, we have decided to present you, dear colleagues and students, with the best arguments against boycotting Israeli education institutions, ranked from 1 to 4 (plus an extra one for the road):
In top place, we have: why should I care? This is a great answer! As someone studying or working within the Dutch educational system, indeed why should you care? Really, why?! Honestly, what difference does it make to you if your institution is breaking international law? Dutch education is nothing more than a product, don't forget! And who really cares if the provider of this product is actively facilitating and enabling genocide? Plus, we all know that the Netherlands is only hosting the ICJ and ICC because the weather is so shit here, that there is nothing better to do than to claim an interest in international law. And anyway, laws are made to be broken – am I right?! (High five).
In second place, we have chosen: Israel is the only democracy in the Middle East. Of course this is a great answer – as long as there are elections that half the population living under Israeli sovereignty can vote in, then it is democratic enough to create an apartheid system like South Africa once celebrated. Plus a genocide like our big neighbour to the east! Let's be honest, democracy is the perfect cover for human rights violations, so no need to boycott as long as the cover is on. Good one, we love it! Just keep saying it to anyone claiming Israel is committing a genocide: yes, but Israel is a democracy!
The third best answer, in our humble opinion, is: oh but our history and our guilt. Exactly. 100%. You should definitely stay silent and not say anything, for this is far safer and more respectful. We all know the famous rule: if you or your ancestors are a victim of one crime, you have a free pass to commit whatever crime you want. So how dare you say a word against Israel? Let them get on with it! Are you antisemitic or what? As a descendent of those who lived through WWII, haven't you learnt the importance of silence in the face of genocide? Silence is zen. We all love silence.
In fourth place: Israel is not doing anything wrong. Yes, great point! We love a bit of denial. So what if there are a few dead children, some unidentified human animal remains, some hospitals, homes, schools destroyed. No big deal. Let's be real and look at the figures: there are more than 1 billion children on this planet, so why should we focus on these 20,000 dead children? This is entirely biased and we can't accept that. People die every day. If Israel didn't kill them first, they would have eventually died anyway after 60 or 70 years. This focus on Israel only comes from antisemitism. Plus, if you didn't watch the news then really, would there even be a genocide? The real problem is the news, actually.
And finally, a bonus answer!: Israel has the right to defend itself. Admittedly, this one has been used a lot lately and many people have debunked it, especially the Palestinians living under Israeli sovereignty. Of course, no state has the right to defend itself from the people under its own sovereignty, but whatever, of course you can keep using this argument. We all know that the world is stupid and it will accept anything you (yes you, the educated person) say, without daring to argue back. How can anyone argue with such a meaningless sentence? This is precisely why we like it.
So let's not boycott Israel and instead act as if nothing is happening. As they say: the best way to get rid of poverty is to get rid of all the poor people. Let's happily imagine the peace that will come when all Palestinians are gone (and then the Muslims, and the immigrants, and the Black people, and the Jews, and the queers, and the disabled, and the elderly...).
We are sure that you have other brilliant answers, so please do share them with us and we will try our best to include them in the next issue.